# task 2

## where do you spend most of your time ?

currently, since i've been taking it fairly easy, i've been wasting time on
youtube. this isn't great nor reflective of what's typical of me, but it's where
i'm at currently. second to that, i've been doing a lot of troubleshooting and
setup for upcoming endeavours. following that, i suppose i've been spending a
lot more time with my home; that is, cleaning, fixing, building, restocking,
etc.

## what is a thing you're NOT currently doing that if you did on a regular basis
## would make a huge positive difference for you ?

because of the peace-of-mind it provides when done, doing the dishes.

more fundamentally, i need to get back to living my life by the checklist.
before atlas i was able to do this because the software i relied upon runs on a
macintosh computer at home. ever since my linux laptop has become the center of
my work and study life, the lack of adequate checklist management software on
linux has disoriented me substantially. i aim to remedy this in the following
months by building my own to suit my needs.

## what is one thing you could stop doing that would also make a positive
## difference ?

primarily, stop waking up and watching youtube. when stressed and burdened it's
easy to do. if i'm otherwise feeling motivated and inspired by my work, then
it's easy to get up and hit the ground running

## what is something that you're currently doing that you believe is helpful and
## would like to continue ?

because of the sense of accomplishment it provides and the vigor it infuses me
with to be able to tackle the rest of the day's agenda, working out. whether
it's riding my bicycle or lifting, both make me feel great and ready to press
forward. making music would be another thing i would like to continue. it keeps
me inspired and feeling like i exercised my creative will. it prevents me from
falling into despair and frustration. i'm not the kind of person who sees
creative pursuits as a waste of time. on the contrary, i see them as essential
to living a good and balanced life
