# write to previous self -- reflection

knowledge
thought process
challenges
how far have you come
areas of growth

## when you first began :

- what where your experiences and goals when you first began ?

although i was initially apprehensive and unmoved by what i was getting into,
once things got going i found myself feeling kinda excited and interested in
jump into this alongside others who also didn't really know what this was all
about. during those first couple of months, my primary goals were to find a
steady rhythm and to make sure i didn't fall behind.

- what challenges did you anticipate or encounter ?

a few of the challenges i anticipated were whether i could actually keep up
with the rest of my peers, whether i would be a good fit here and find my place,
and whether i could actually learn to work well with others.

## mindset during the beginning :

- how did you approach learning new concepts and technologies ?

since i had a few years of experience researching, i already had a developed
knowledge integration strategy. coming here simply allowed me to refine and
extend my existing toolset. my initial strategy then, and still in use now, was
to find source material and to integrate it into my workflow somehow. i also
made use of plenty of diagramming and mental models which i then stress tested
in various scenarios to then refine or restructure further.

- how did you handle setbacks or moments of frustrations ?

## initial difficulties :

- were there any technical concepts or skills that were particularly
  challenging for you ?

two particularly memorable challenges i faced, early in my venture, both had to
do with the c programming language. although i understood in abstract _what_
pointers are, there was a moment where i didn't understand _how_ i was supposed
to use them. not knowing this caused me to mis-implement a data structure which
then derailed the stability and functionality of my code. the other issue i
faced had to do with the unreliability of bitwise operations on types of
different sizes. it took me writing a series of prototype and testing programs
to uncover this was the case. once this was known it was a simple matter of
carrying out the correct typecasting to ensure reliable behaviour.

- did you face any difficulties in adapting to the learning environment or
  collaborating with peers ?

## summary :

- discuss your initial expectations and goals
- reflect on any challenges you anticipated or encountered
